docs: :memo: update install guide to refer to template, but use uv (#1378)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/guide/installation.qmd

uv
```

> You can create a Python project using uv, which has a
> [guide](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/) on creating one.
> Briefly, you can create a new project using uv by running the following
> command in your Terminal (assuming we make a new data package called `diabetes-study`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a Python project using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/).
In short, you can create a new project using uv by running the following
command in your Terminal (assuming we make a new data package called `diabetes-study`):
```

``` {.bash filename="Terminal"}
uv init diabetes-study
```

Which will create a new directory called `diabetes-study` with the
basic structure of a Python project. It should look like:

<!-- TODO: Auto-create this some how? -->

```
diabetes-study/
├── .git/
├── .gitignore
├── .python-version
├── README.md
├── main.py
└── pyproject.toml
```

> uv also creates the folder as a Git repository. Of the files created,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uv also creates the folder as a Git repository. For more information on working on projects with uv, see their [guide](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/guides/projects/). Of the files created,
```

> the most important ones for Sprout are the `pyproject.toml` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the most important ones for your data package are the `pyproject.toml` and
```
Maybe? :)

`main.py` files. The `pyproject.toml` file is used to manage the
dependencies of the project, while the `main.py` file is where you will

> write much of the Sprout code, or at least use it to coordinate the
> other Python scripts in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coordinate the
Python scripts in your project.
```

<!-- TODO: eventually flip callout content this so the template is recommended and not uv -->

::: callout-tip
You can generate the basic structure of a template data package by using

> our Seedcase Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Seedcase Project
```
